Good morning, good morning everyone, good morning, good morning, good morning. And I guess I want
to say again, happy new year in the Tuvvedi language we call...
In the Tuvvedi we call... that means... So I just want to say... Thank you everyone. And of course,
this country is one of the greatest countries in the world.
And there is so many opportunities, chance to celebrate a lot of new years, according to different
traditions. So it's just wonderful, really wonderful.
And today we are celebrating another new year. And according to the building in the condo, marks
with very special event of the Buddha Shakyamuni.
That Buddha Shakyamuni reached enlightenment, after he reached enlightenment, and then he performed
by the request of so many devoted students and sangha members and male and females.
And of course, he performed extraordinary activity that expressed his realization, his achievement.
So please show us some kind of extraordinary... Otherwise Buddha was so humble and simple, going
with his students and moving.
Always just the same as other regular students, same thing, but they really want to see something
extraordinary that everybody kind of show this.
So by the request of that, and then as well as also some situation, even to take places.
So Buddha performed known as miraculous activities. So prepare me this, according to very Buddhism,
that begins three days ago, the day one, the lunar calendar.
And then continually to this full moon is a very special day. So all those combined, in the way we
celebrate all of those, to very new year, and as well as a miracle activity of the Buddha Shakyam
uni.
According to very Buddhism, any event, miracle activities, or any meditually activities that we are
doing this month, will be multiplied.
Multiple light, hundred thousand times, because of power of the Buddha Shakyamuni, and not just
only Buddha's power, but as well as also Buddha showed this event.
On these days, there is a special kind of time occurring, very special time occurring, and so that
time Buddha also performed that ceremony.
So the combination of the Buddha's blessings, and actually naturally taking kind of timing, what
will happen, all combined together, we also swing with that, kind of in a way, surfing with that.
Use that, and then I think it really ignited our also meditually activities, more powerful, more
effective to ourself, to others.
So with those thought, anything that we can do, meditually activities, that means to benefit the
beings, to benefit the beings, and happiness, the cause of happiness, anything that we can really
make that, those are known as meditually activities.
So today, we do this again with celebration, and as conjunction with Buddha's miracle activities.
Thank you very much, everyone, and welcome everyone. Thank you so much.
And now we do practice. Again, we open our prayer booklet, we do practice on the Gurupa Masambha
and the Buddha Shakyamuni.
And then we do the short part of practices, and then we do short also dharma part of practices.
Those are what we do.
And so please open your page one in this.
[Music]
[Applause]